CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT

The following agreement governs contributions to IVR Tools.  By
submitting contributions for inclusion in IVR Tools, You agree to the
following terms.  Except for the license granted herein to Crist,
Crist’s Affiliates and recipients of software distributed by Crist or
Crist’s Affiliates, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and
to Your Contributions.

1. 	Definitions. 

“IVR Tools” is a collection of code created by Sean Crist and licensed
under the MIT License.

“Affiliate” shall mean with respect to any entity, any other entity
that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such
entity, and the term “control” (including the terms “controlled by”
and “under common control with”) means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such entity, whether through ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

“You” (or “Your”) shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity
authorized by the copyright owner that is entering into this
Agreement. If a legal entity is a copyright owner, in whole or in
part, of the Contribution, You represent and warrant that You are
authorized by such entity to enter into this Agreement on that
entity’s behalf and to bind that entity to this Agreement (in which
case, references to “You” and “Your” in this Agreement–other than in
this sentence–refer to that entity). For legal entities, the entity
making a Contribution and all of its Affiliates are considered to be a
single contributor.

“Contribution” shall mean any original work of authorship, including
any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is
intentionally submitted by You to Crist for inclusion in, or
documentation of, IVR Tools. For the purposes of this definition,
“submitted” means any form of electronic, verbal, or written
communication sent to Crist or Crist’s representatives, including but
not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code
control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on
behalf of, Crist for the purpose of discussing and improving IVR
Tools, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or
otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a Contribution.”

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, You hereby grant to Crist, Crist’s affiliates, and to
recipients of software distributed by Crist or Crist’s affiliates a
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works
of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute
Your Contributions and such derivative works.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, You hereby grant to Crist, Crist’s affiliates, and to
recipients of software distributed by Crist or Crist’s affiliates a
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make,
have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer
IVR Tools, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with
IVR Tools. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or
any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that Your Contribution, or IVR Tools, constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
granted to that entity under this Agreement for that Contribution or
IVR Tools shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

4. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above
license(s). You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your
original creation (see section 6 for submissions on behalf of
others). You represent that Your Contribution submissions include
complete details of any third-party license or other restriction
(including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of
which You are personally aware and which are associated with any part
of Your Contributions.

5. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions,
except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide
support for free, for a fee, or not at all. Unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, You provide Your Contributions
on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
either express or implied, including, without limitation, any
warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

6. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation,
You may submit it to Crist separately from any Contribution,
identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or
other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents,
trademarks, and license agreements) of which You are personally aware,
and conspicuously marking the work as “Submitted on behalf of a
third-party: [named here]”.

7. You agree to notify Crist of any facts or circumstances of which
You become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in
any respect.

